AI ? 
AI is Basically That Technology That Allows Computer or Systems that Perform
tasks that Typically Require Human Intelligent.

Ex: If We have a computers and perform those work for that 
    they must require human Intelligence. 
    So they need AI .

How It Works !

1: Is Pattern Recognition.

we as a human looking on data and then we can recognize pattern in good manner 

ex ;
   1-1
   2-4
   3-9
   4-16

so for 5-25 

because all of these numbers are the Square of These numbers 

so Same Work If We want from machine then we use Pattern Recognition.

Another Example Of Human Intelligence is 


2: Speech Recognition:


	As Humans understand their ideas, their meanings and their emotions form that words emotions so same thing if we want from machines 
then we will use AI .
ex ,SIRI , ALEXA Like Chatgpt and Gemni so These tools understand with the 
help of speech recognition.



3: Image Analyze.
	Like Automate Challan 

so for all these tasks we perfom AI .

So We Understand The AI . Now Let's Understand The it's Branch Which is Machine Learninng.


ML ? Are those Algoritham Which Learn From Data Rather than Programing .
So in Machine Learing Data Is Very Much Important .

So Since ML is the SubField of AI So we Can say that All the ML is AI,
But All AI is not ML. 
Like Examples.
Rule based Systems. in this we use AI but not ML .
Robotics. in this same we do Rule based programing but we don't to ML.
A* Algoritham which is used in graphs , which is part of AI but not ML.
Fuzzy Logic.

But in Google map , Uber , Amazon
Majority of that ai uses machine learning .

And Machine Learning has most important sub domain which is Deep Learining.
DL is The That Domain Of ML where we work on Neural network , and that neural network are inspired from human Brains inside human brains there are neurons, and these concepts are inspired from them .


Generative AI : And Same Dl is Sub Domain or one Application  which is Generative AI , in Generative AI we work on Such Technologies or such systems which generate text , new Videos , new images ,means whatever we worked on ai was not generate any new thing now in this we deal with such AI , Such Technology which generate new Content 





 